Revisit Application Connector documentation (#6122)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/application-connector/06-03-event-activation.md

| Parameter   |      Required      |  Description |
|----------|:-------------:|------|
| **metadata.name** | Yes | Specifies the name of the CR and the ID of the Application service. This field is also used to fetch event schemas from the MinIO storage.  |
| **metadata.namespace** | Yes | Specifies the Namespace in which the CR is created. |
| **spec.displayName** | Yes | Specifies a human-readable name of the Application service. |

> | **spec.sourceId** | Yes | Used to construct a Publish-Subscribe (Pub/Sub) topic name where the events are send and from where the events are consumed. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **spec.sourceId** | Yes | Used to construct a Publish-Subscribe (Pub/Sub) topic name where events are sent and from where they are consumed. |
```
